effectof plasma
compact radio
magnification order
corresponding parameter
reasonable electron
local electron
rate increase
mathematical clump
number lenses
systematic bias
one example
along line
alower electron
realistic model
gaussian random
plasmaclumps tests
table underestimatebecomes
present systematicbias
small transition
value use
ofthis source
plasma clumps
describe thephenomenon
large gradient
oncethe lens
two causticsgrows
uniform spatialdistribution
observational constraints
distinct conclusion
luminosity function
finite plasma
upto pc
regions area
low probability
redshift repeatingfrb
second profile
table fig
several properties
theaverage electron
magnification curves
strong significance
extract observations
slower crit
image andsource
massive objects
properties magnification
either observations
themagnification cross
region butnot
ofbackground sources
source positionis
inhomogeneous distribution
top panel
method bradač
wild changes
model whenthe
adopt standard
since introduction
function theparameter
three rows
bythe existence
gaussian model
lower frequency
electron densities
sight studies
similar thatof
fig comparisonis
condition observations
observational aspects
splmodel change
universe relation
third images
barspresent standard
different features
similar features
estimateof electron
integrated column
critical curves
kulkarni example
matter distributions
density map
small decrease
lower values
analytical toy
describe numberdensity
mesh resolution
evaluate ratio
density range
believedthat refraction
sourceplane respect
cross section
two profiles
onecan see
analytical models
restrict electron
detailedphysical picture
similarradial positions
several aspects
high hasa
summarise basics
strong background
red curve
lower thantheir
stacked electrondensity
calculatethe luminosity
rapid improvement
electronsalong line
receive radio
contributionfrom ions
cosmological origin
wediscuss results
toavoid redshift
atlarge radii
density theuniverse
three images
eg macquart
larger spl
potentialprobe study
caustic generatedby
gravitational selection
temperature plasma
asa building
opposite thedeflection
two consequences
planck collaboration
one theinitial
theelectron density
two simplifications
greater show
study matterdistribution
central density
observations egluminosity
deflect propagation
good description
milky way
constant km
toy simulation
ie increases
along disk
whole field
signal call
free electrons
front field
present distributions
models thelens
distribution greaterthan
two densityprofiles
uniformlyplaced field
foreground lenses
thin deflection
small scales
agaussian profile
plasma lensing
gravitational lensing
fig show
middle panel
mathematical description
due plasma
evaluatethe effect
frbs redshift
red exclusion
spitler et
plasma takeninto
study perform
unobservable regions
electron density
deviation realisations
λcdm parameters
two peaks
pc cm
smaller arcsec
probability effects
ω λ
pulsing sources
wavelength dependence
deflection angle
lensingthe description
since thegradient
magnetic field
outer causticmoves
additional simulationswith
systematic error
critical magnification
second image
reason area
plane andobtain
one see
signal therefore
eg clegg
slope ofmagnification
mpc ℎ
regionsshow difference
explosivegrowths thanks
fraction medium
mark exclusion
estimatedelectron density
bytwo constraints
consistentwith observations
powerful tool
underestimatecan test
exact estimate
region forbidden
cosmic magnification
radio signals
important factor
magnification curve
two distributions
average electron
regard region
block constructing
rough estimate
several assumptions
inhomogeneous distributions
concave lens
eg schneider
different frequencies
radio bursts
ofsight ese
intergalactic media
contrast position
thegaussian plasma
sect toy
possible positions
show differencein
important aspect
simulation evaluate
magnification authors
radio sources
brightest primaryimage
mean value
dependent adopt
panel peaks
magnification curvesof
forbidden region
recentyears interests
significant increase
plasma clump
average error
relative difference
flux background
thedramatic change
high resolution
right panel
low frequency
sectionof exclusion
background sources
several similarities
thekolmogorov spectrum
softened lenses
perform toy
toy model
sections magnifications
thehigh flux
forbidden regions
angular position
true mean
petroff et
large scales
caused lenses
explore profiles
many sources
dispersion relationand
ii avoid
maximum density
radio deflection
deflectionof light
future work
asimple model
high precision
insect discuss
significant studythe
significant difference
lorimer et
ghz reality
thanone magnification
without exclusion
true field
deflects radio
gravitational field
weak observations
inoue observation
ofthe electron
